Hi all,

First of all, welcome to the Applied Economics Research course, and specifically, the Geospatial Economics or Historical Persistence themes. According to my information, you have been enlisted in the ADSE 1, 2 and 3 themes in the Applied Economics Research Course. This e-mail is to let you know a few important things before the course starts on April 23, from 09:00-10:45 in Spinoza 1.05.

You might have received a schedule from the course administration. This schedule is incomplete and incorrect. The reason for this is complicated, but it boils down to university bureaucracy. In the attachment to this e-mail, I have added the syllabus with the correct schedule on page 3.

I also added a .ics file, which is a file you can open with a calendar application and/or add to your Outlook. Once you add that file to your calendar app, the schedule will be added to your calendar.  I think once you open it on your PC, it's straightforward to add, but otherwise, try to ask an LLM how that works if you're unsure.

A few notes about this schedule: lecture 1, 3, and 4 are from 09:00-10:45 in Spinoza 1.05 and are plenary sessions, meaning, for all groups together. They'll be dedicated to various aspects of geospatial data and sources that are necessary for both of the themes. After these lectures, we'll have some time to work and discuss whatever questions and problems we might encounter (in lectures 3 and 4). Lecture 2 is dedicated entirely to feedback and discussion of potential research questions.

As you can notice, apart from this, there are a lot of time slots in the schedule, particularly later in the course. This just means that we have the room for the designated amount of time, not that you have to be there the entire time. I'll discuss these logistics in more detail during the first lecture, but if you have any questions now, just let me know.

Finally, I've added all of you to a Teams group, where we can communicate more easily, share files, and discuss planning as the course runs.

If you have any questions, don't hesitate to let me know, either via e-mail or on Teams. 

I'm looking forward to the course!

Best regards,
Bas
